Update productivity-score.md (#3589)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/productivity/productivity-score.md

[Learn more about Microsoft Graph](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/)

> [!NOTE]

> > User's also have option to vieww productivity insights from [Workplace Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/workplace-analytics/myanalytics/use/dashboard-2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Users also have the option to get productivity insights from the [MyAnalytics dashboard](https://docs.microsoft.com/workplace-analytics/myanalytics/use/dashboard-2).
```
